Fix a few bugs in RSpec/ReceiveMessages (#1690)
rubocop/rubocop-rspec: CHANGELOG.md

## Master (Unreleased)

> - Fix an error for `RSpec/ReceiveMessages` with splat, symbol method. ([@marocchino])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an incorrect autocorrect for `RSpec/ReceiveMessages` when method is only non-word character. ([@marocchino])
- Fix a false positive for `RSpec/ReceiveMessages` when return with splat. ([@marocchino])
```

Reviewer: This PR addresses two issues, and since they are separated by commits, it would be nice if the CHANGELOG was updated for each commit.
